you yeah you have this human most
hostile intense connection of time
welcome so tell me you two or us today
today we'll be plating up a delicious
and mouth-watering sandwich with crispy
lettuce crumbly cheese and slices of
juicy cucumber today we are going to
take the contestants on a journey of a
lifetime
first I grab two sons of bread and put
it down on the tray
white bread which has been heavily
processed is not as healthy as using
wholemeal bread which were using today I
take a knife and spread the desired
amount of butter onto the bread
occasionally eat in fact is a part of a
healthy diet
I carefully grate the cheese into a bowl
then I delicately place it onto the
bread cheese contains protein which is
another essential nutrient for our
bodies as I slowly chop the salad and
lightly sprinkle it on us one slice of
bread generally it is a good idea to use
a mix of colors in your diet we use red
tomatoes which are an excellent source
of vitamin C and green lettuce
containing vitamin A finally I cut my
sandwich into two parts and enjoy this
is our guest judge for tonight's Tiffani
wall shiorin sorry restaurant in
malaysia called the golden dragon bring
on the dishes
amazing
well off the rocks integration be flying
silent who the winner is drumroll please
cooking kitchen